= Hestia

Hestia is a gem that is intended to help the proccess of managing ec2 and rds
instances.

Hestia uses Fog underhook to communicate with AWS.

== Usage.

To use hestia you need to install it through ruby gems.

  gem install hestia


Once you have it in your system you will have the the binary 'hestia'. You could
type hestia help to see the options.

The first thing that you should do is to run the following command:


  hestia init path

This will install in 'path' the hestia configuration file templates. Basically  
you need to configure machines.yml and providers.yml. They should look something 
like this: 

  #mahcine.yml
  ec2_instance_one:
    instance_id: i-42324213 # This should be the instance id that you see in your aws console.
    ssh_private_key: "/path/to/keypair" 
    # this is needed only if you want to execute ssh commands remotely with hestia. 

  default:
    provider_type: aws
    aws_access_key_id: XXXXX
    aws_secret_access_key: XXXXX

  another_account:
    provider_type: aws
    aws_access_key_id: XXXXX
    aws_secret_access_key: XXXXX

A default provider is mandatory. You could use other providers and pass 
it as parameter to hestia commands (e.g hestia start staging -p another_account).

Once you have configured these files you could start using hestia. Right 
now you need to be in that path to run the commands:

  cd path_to_config_files
  hestia start your_machine

== Available Commands

To see the available commands use hestia help. In a glance, you could start,
stop instances. Execute remote commands. Create volume backups. Create rds
databases snapshots.

== Disclaimer

This is gem is in a very early stage. Please read the code and be sure is suitable 
for you. 

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Rafael Chacón

